[2.6] Small updates to several guides (#2161)
astronomer/docs: learn/debugging-dags.md

- If your tasks have the `depends_on_past` parameter set to `True`, those newly added tasks won't run until you set the state of prior task runs.
- When running many instances of a task or DAG, be mindful of scaling parameters and configurations. Airflow has default settings that limit the amount of concurrently running DAGs and tasks. See [Scaling Airflow to optimize performance](airflow-scaling-workers.md) to learn more.
- If you are using task decorators and your tasks are not showing up in the **Graph** and **Grid** view, make sure you are calling your tasks. See also [Introduction to Airflow decorators](airflow-decorators.md).

> - Double check your task dependencies and trigger rules. See [Manage DAG and task dependencies in Airflow](managing-dependencies.md). Consider recreating your DAG structure with [EmptyOperators](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/_api/airflow/operators/empty/index.html) to ensure that your dependencies are structured as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check your task dependencies and trigger rules. See [Manage DAG and task dependencies in Airflow](managing-dependencies.md). Consider recreating your DAG structure with [EmptyOperators](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/_api/airflow/operators/empty/index.html) to ensure that your dependencies are structured as expected.
```

> - As of Airflow 2.6 tasks can be in queued state for 600 seconds by default before they are either retried or marked as failed. You can adjust the length of this timeout by modifying [`task_queued_timeout`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#task-queued-timeout).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- As of Airflow 2.6, the [`task_queued_timeout`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#task-queued-timeout) parameter controls how long tasks can be in queued state before they are either retried or marked as failed. The default is 600 seconds.
```

- Change the `<external tool>_default` connection to use your connection details or define a new connection with a different name and pass the new name to the hook or operator.
- Define connections using Airflow environment variables instead of adding them in the Airflow UI. Make sure you're not defining the same connection in multiple places. If you do, the environment variable takes precedence.
- Test if your credentials work when used in a direct API call to the external tool.

> - Use the test connection feature added in Airflow 2.2 that many connection types have available. In Airflow 2.6+ you can test connections from the CLI using the [`airflow connections test`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html#test) command. See also [Testing connections](connections.md#testing-connections)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the test connection feature in the Airflow UI that many connection types have available. In Airflow 2.6+ you can test connections from the CLI using the [`airflow connections test`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html#test) command. See also [Testing connections](connections.md#testing-connections)
```
I think at this point we can remove references to "as of 2.2" :)
